Argentina need the right formula

3-1 Argentina started 2019 with a loss to Venezuela along with the return of arguably the best player of all time, Lionel Messi. Lionel Scaloni who took charge after Sampoli didn't include their trusted wall of defense Manchester United reserve keeper, Sergio Romero and the likes of Inter Milan forward Icardi and new Chelsea signing Higuian who had a sad start to the season with the arrival of Ronaldo who took his place and also premier leagues top scorer Sergio Aguero. Experienced campaigner and Sevilla play-maker Ever Banega who has having a very good season. Dybala who had a better European season than the domestic league has left to warm the bench. It was team which lacked playing experience in European Leagues but being the underdogs had the edge over the "new youth over experience " squad selected by the new boss. The idea to play 3-4-2-1 without Banega, Dybala, Icardi and Bigila cost them and even the decision to Otanmendi not playing the match proved a tricky one as Nicolas isn't a convincing LM . The youth looked promising but the exposure was not their to face all sorts of challenges and Scaloni decision to turn towards the domestic league was a under thought one as their was no experienced mid field campaigner in the line up and the bench. One would say that Erik Lamela could be in the squad as his season with Spurs is actually going very good and a plays a promising role in the mid filed . Another manager has arrived for Argentina without the formula to combine these talents and make a possible squad for them. In my opinion 3-5-2, with Messi and Aguero/ Higuian in the front, and in the mid filed Banenga and Celso with the CM's and Icardi/Dybala to play CAM and Di Maria to play from the left and Erik on the right and the combination of Otanmendi ,Mercado and Rojo/Mori and Romero at the back. They could also play 3-4-3 with Messi, Ageuro and Maria on the front and in the midfiled Banega and LoCelso as CM's and Icardi/Dybala to play as CAM and Erik on the right and Franco and Pereya on the right